change.py

Create a program, change.py, that takes 4 arguments that correspond to the number of quarters, dimes, nickels, and pennies, respectively.  
Calculate the total value of that change, 
and print "The total value of your change is $x" where x is equal to the total value.


luke.py

Create a program, luke.py, using the following dictionary:

relations = {'Darth Vader':'father', 'Leia':'sister', 'Han':'brother in law', 'R2D2':'droid', 'Rey':'Padawan', 'Tatooine':'homeworld'}

The program will take one argument, corresponding to one of the relations’ keys.  The program will print out the statement:

	Luke, I am your x

	Where x = the relationship.  
For example, if the argument is Leia, it should print ‘Luke, I am your sister’
If the key is ‘Darth Vader’ you should instead print “No, I am your father” 


temp.py

Create a program that takes a Celsius temperature and converts it to Fahrenheit (Fahrenheit = 9/5 Celsius + 32).  
It will then print  "The temperature is X degrees Fahrenheit." where X is the Fahrenheit value.  X also must be to two decimal places.


max3.py

Create a program, max3.py, that has a function that takes three arguments.  The program will then print out the highest of the three values.


username.py

Create a function that takes as arguments a first and last name and creates a username.  
The username will be the first letter of the first name in lowercase, the last 7 of the last name in lowercase, 
and the total number of characters in the first and last names.  
For example, Eastern University would be 'eversity17'.

The program should print "Your username is x" where x is the username.



mintosec.py

Create a program, mintosec.py, that takes one integer argument representing a number of minutes.  
The program will convert the argument to the corresponding number of seconds, and print that value out.


array.py

Create a program called array.py that has a function that takes four integer arguments.  
Those arguments should be put into an Numpy array.  The function will have two print statements.  
The first will print the type of the array you create (which should be <class ‘numpy.ndarray’>).  
The second will print the sum of the four items in your array.  


capCount.py

Create a program called capCount.py that has a function that takes in a string 
and prints the number of capital letters in it.  


countVowels.py

Create a program called countVowels.py that has a function that takes in an argument 
and prints the number of vowels in the string.  
It should work for both lowercase and uppercase vowels.


digits.py

Create a program that takes a number and prints the number of digits comprising that number.  
This should work for any decimal 


gpacalc.py

Use the following dictionary to complete this assignment:

{'A':4.0, 'A-':3.66, 'B+':3.33, 'B':3.0, 'B-':2.66,
'C+':2.33, 'C':2.0, 'C-':1.66, 'D+':1.33, 'D':1.00, 'D-':.66, 'F':0.00}

Create a program, gpacalc.py, that takes four letter grade arguments 
and prints out the corresponding GPA, to two decimals.  
Your program should accept both upper-case and lower-case arguments.


quadratic.py

Create a program, quadratic.py, that takes three arguments 
that correspond to the quadratic formula's a, b, and c, 
and finds the positive and negative root values.  
The program should print "The solutions are root1 and root2" 


inrange.py

Create a program inrange.py that has a function that takes one integer argument.  
The function will print a list of all values between 5000 and 8000 
that is divisible by (1) the integer argument, 
and (2) the argument + 4.


longest.py

Create a program, longest.py, that has a function that takes one string argument 
and prints a sentence indicating the longest word in that string.  
If there is more than one word print only the first.  Your print statement should read:

	The longest word is x

	Where x = the longest word
	
palindrome.py

Create a program, palindrome.py, that has a function that takes one string argument 
and prints a sentence indicating if the text is a palindrome.  
The function should consider only the alphanumeric characters in the string, 
and not depend on capitalization, punctuation, or whitespace.

	If your string is a palindrome it should print:

	It’s a palindrome!

	If it is not a palindrome, it should print:

	It’s not a palindrome!
	
presidents.py

For this assignment, use the president_heights.csv file found in the Brightspace module. 
You *WILL NOT NEED TO SUBMIT THE FILE TO CODEGRADE*
Create a program, presidents.py, that takes two arguments.  
These arguments will correspond to the start and stop of a slice, respectively.  
It will slice the heights column in the president_heights.csv files.  
Then print off the average height, rounded to two decimals, of the selected presidents in the following form:

The average height of presidents number x to y is z

	Where:
x = start of the slice
y = end of the slice
z = calculated average

randdf.py

Create a program called randdf.py that has a function 
that takes two integer arguments and prints a Pandas dataframe.  
The two arguments will correspond to the number of rows and number of columns,respectively.  
The dataframe should be filled with random integers from 0 to 100.  
Set your random seed to 56. 


reallyrandom.py

Create program called reallyrandom.py that has a function that takes in three arguments and prints one integer.  Your random seed should be set to 42.
The first argument should correspond to the size of a np.randint that has values from 0 to 10.  
The second is an integer that you will multiply the randint by.  
The third argument is a value you will index the result of the multiplication by. 
You will print the integer that was indexed as ‘Your random value is x’ where x = the result of the indexing.
The program should not crash if the third value is larger than the first.
Example:

python3 reallyrandom.py 59 2 7 

Should generate the following:

Your random value is 12

